Depending on the color of your marker, you will need one of the two attached images as a template. In this case, the two images contain a blue and a yellow marker, respectively. If you want a different color, you can simply replace one of these images or create a new one.  You also need to change the color threshold. The correct thresholds for blue and yellow are already included in the programs (just comment out one of them). For any other color, you will have to set the threshold limits on your own.

In total, four different programs are included. The two standard programs provide the same result with the difference that one works with a region of interest and the other does not. However, with this method, it is recommended to use the program without region of interest, because unlike other methods, the implementation in this case does not save processing time. Then there are two additional programs included: One works like the first two, with the only difference that it saves an additional image that captures the movement of the marker. The second requires three markers to track the angle of the knees (when shooting from the side) during selected exercises like the squad. These are attached to the hips, knees and ankles.

To get the programs running after downloading, you must first download the necessary libraries. These are located in the first lines of the file. Then you need to adjust the file paths of the video file and the template. You also need to adjust the folder path where you want to save the extracted frames.
